feat: consent and resident card vp exchange e2e test (#161)
energywebfoundation/ssi: apps/vc-api/docs/tutorials/consent-and-issuance-credential-tutorial.md

                           "constraints":{
                              "fields":[
                                 {
                                    "path":[
                                       "$.type"
                                    ],
                                    "filter":{
                                       "type":"array",
                                       "contains":{
                                          "type":"string",
                                          "const":"PermanentResidentCard"
                                       }
                                    }
                                 }
                              ]
                           }
                        }
                     ]
                  }
               }
            ]
         },
         {
            "type":"PresentationDefinition",
            "credentialQuery":[
               {
                  "presentationDefinition":{
                     "id":"286bc1e0-f1bd-488a-a873-8d71be3c690e",
                     "input_descriptors":[
                        {
                           "id":"consent_credential",

>                            "name":"Consent Credential",

Reviewer: The consent credential presentation definition should use the `subject_is_issuer` constraint, IMO. https://identity.foundation/presentation-exchange/#relational-constraint-feature

>                            "purpose":"One consent credential is must for this presentation",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                           "purpose":"One consent credential is required for this presentation",
```

                           "constraints":{
                              "fields":[
                                 {
                                    "path":[
                                       "$.type"
                                    ],
                                    "filter":{
                                       "type":"array",
                                       "contains":{
                                          "type":"string",
                                          "const":"ConsentCredential"
                                       }
                                    }
                                 }
                              ]
                           }
                        }
                     ]
                  }
               }
            ]
         }

>       ],

Reviewer: I think there should only be one `presentationDefinition` element in the `credentialQuery` (so that only one VP needs to be created and only one user signature/confirmation is required)

Author: While keeping both the input descriptors in one `presentationDefinition`, the VP verification failed. After multiple arrangements the above worked (You can see the output of the callback notification, it is what we expect). 
I agree with you and logically it should be just one presentationDefinition. I will try to find a way to only use one presentationDefinition.

<!--
 Copyright 2021 - 2023 Energy Web Foundation
 
 This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
 it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
 the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
 (at your option) any later version.
 
 This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 GNU General Public License for more details.
 
 You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
-->

# Tutorial

## Business overview

> The business objective of this tutorial is to demonstrate how to present multiple credentials issued to / by the holder. For this tutorial we would use a self signed (consent) Verifiable Credential (VC) and another VC issued to the user (holder) connected to a portal that we will call "authority portal".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The business objective of this tutorial is to demonstrate how a verifier can request multiple credentials and how a holder can present multiple credentials in a presentation that meets this request. For this tutorial we would use a self signed (consent) Verifiable Credential (VC) and another VC issued to the user (holder) connected to a portal that we will call "authority portal".
```

## Technical overview
From a technical point of view, in this tutorial, we have access to the server API but no mobile wallet is available. So we will use the server API for both roles of the portal and the resident's mobile wallet.

### Technical workflows

#### 1. Credential Issuance workflow
- [1.1  [Resident] Create a DID](#11-resident-create-a-did)
- [1.2 [Resident] Obtain a ResidentCard credential](#12-obtain-permanentresidentcard-credential)
- [1.3 [Resident] Issue a self-signed credential](#13-resident-issue-a-self-signed-credential)

#### 2. Presentation workflow
- [2.1  [Verifier] Configure Credential Exchange](#21-verifier-configure-credential-exchange)
- [2.2  [Verifier] Provide an exchange invitation to the resident](#22-verifier-provide-an-exchange-invitation-to-the-resident)
- [2.3  [Resident] Initiate the presentation exchange](#23-resident-initiate-the-presentation-exchange)
- [2.4  [Resident] Create the required presentation](#24-resident-create-the-required-presentation)
- [2.5  [Resident] Continue the exchange](#25-resident-continue-the-exchange)

> - [2.6 [Verifier] Act on Submitted Presentation](#26-verifier-act-on-submitted-presentation)

Reviewer: The links are broken here. I think it because the actual steps are using `3.` and not `2.`
